{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
it's all in black and white (well, very dark grey, and very bright grey), and completely stark in contrast. try cliff being fully black and background fully white, but maybe you could do a procedural, sharp-edged pattern (clouds in sky, snow on mountain. wait, no, not clouds, maybe wind marks. and maybe not snow on the rock, but different slightly lighter grey pieces that look like sun on the rock). name could be Snowy Mountain. or that could be dumb. i don't know. Rocky Mountain.\'a0
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
windy noise in the background, very light music (maybe tinkling piano, maybe acoustic bass). or wait maybe acoustic guitar!! yeah yeah yeah.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
little things happening on the rock. gecko? oh, and colors slowly get introduced! so maybe one animal climbs across the rock is green. then later a red bird. and stuff. one color per thing, or MAX two. nice animations. and the guy's head could also have color.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
hm wait how could it be a non-physics game if the mountain needs to crack and fall? maybe just that thing can turn into physics and crumble but nothing else does. guy has rigidbody that's kinematic. when a piece of rock comes out (enough to push him quite far) and intersects with the guy in any way, he instantly becomes a ragdoll (non-kinematic) and falls down the mountain.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
maybe the guy isn't a stick figure. maybe he has a body and a real animation. but how would he be animated over cliff parts... seems like he'd have to be physics based to interact with the physics of the mountain. not sure how that would work. oh yeah, even if he's a stick figure, he has to interact with the physics of the mountain.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
mountain edge could have a fractally look/feel or whatever, where i'd take the already created base mountain shape, and further fuck with it a second time, creating small rocky shapes. or what the fuck, no, so much easier to just have a couple rock shaped sprites and place them on the mountain procedurally. which is good too because they could fall off sometimes and it would look cool. actually you could make the different rock shapes at the beginning of each game, and create the mountain face with them.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
my concern is turning sharp corners. i guess i could have a couple different animations, maybe 4. convex obtuse, convex acute, concave obtuse, convex obtuse. and it just chooses the animation that best fits the angle.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
maybe have an "almost fall" animation, where the user has one last chance to save him somehow.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
every time the climber moves on the rock, little dust particles break off the rock.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
pencil and paper look? nah i don't think so.
\f1\fs28 \

\f0\fs48 \
climber is a stick figure with a big head (not a circle though, like a real head, although that might look strange... try it. oh nvm, that's perfect! use the heads as the unlockable characters!!!) and thin body line (or body double line) and legs with knees and arms with elbows. ui is all the black and white too (depending on if it's on the cliff or not.) i picture him grappling the wall with his four limbs. it's just a swipe-to-move game, like crossy road. swipe up to climb forward. it's not about holding on anymore. it's about getting hit by enemies. that's it. wow, this could even be a non-physics based game. like just use animations for how he climbs and does stuff\
}